README.md, before:

# Selected POJ solutions and analyses for CS97SI

Current progress:

[Assignment 2 Solutions and Analyses](https://cai-lw.github.io/cs97si-solutions/assn2)

## About CS97SI

[CS 97SI: Introduction to Programming Contests](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs97si/), provided by Stanford, is one of the most recommended courses in competitive programming. Released resources are concise lecture slides and list of categorized and graded practice problems, which are all on POJ.

Some links on that page are invalid now. Check the [Stanford ACM Github repo](https://github.com/jaehyunp/stanfordacm) for more materials.

## About POJ

[Peking Online Judge (POJ)](www.poj.org) is an online judge operated by Peking University, a top university in China. It has a large problem set (3,000+) which contains many classical problems. Not the best OJ in the world, but still a good place for practicing.

Beware that its compiling environment is rather outdated and likely to behave differently from your own computer. Check the [FAQ](http://poj.org/page?id=1000) for details.

## Yet another solution set?

Despite being an English site, the vast majority of POJ's users are from China. There are abundant solutions and analysis to problems on POJ, but all in Chinese. I didn't find anything about POJ apart from a little solution code when searching in English.

The goal of this repo is to provide POJ solutions and analyses **in English**, which will be either my own work or translation from Chinese blog posts. Because I use POJ solely for CS97SI, I am currently only planning to write solution for **problems listed in CS97SI**.

I also upload my own solution codes to this repo, but don't expect high-quality or well-documented code here, as they are just for the purpose of passing the judge system. Also, I cannot solve every problem on the CS97SI list. Difficulty 5 or 6 is the best I can do.

## Contribution

I can only invest very limited time to this repo. If you are interested in providing POJ solutions (or CS97SI solutions) in English, just write your own solutions or translate from existing Chinese solutions, and create a pull request.

My English skill is also limited. If you are a native speaker or have high proficiency in English, you can contribute by correcting the grammar or improving the writing style.

Commit message:

Finish writing assn2. Start writing assn8

README.md, after:

# Selected POJ solutions and analyses for CS97SI

[List of Solutions](https://cai-lw.github.io/cs97si-solutions/)

## About CS97SI

[CS 97SI: Introduction to Programming Contests](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs97si/), provided by Stanford, is one of the most recommended courses in competitive programming. Released resources are concise lecture slides and list of categorized and graded practice problems, which are all on POJ.

Some links on that page are invalid now. Check the [Stanford ACM Github repo](https://github.com/jaehyunp/stanfordacm) for more materials.

## About POJ

[Peking Online Judge (POJ)](www.poj.org) is an online judge operated by Peking University, a top university in China. It has a large problem set (3,000+) which contains many classical problems. Not the best OJ in the world, but still a good place for practicing.

Beware that its compiling environment is rather outdated and likely to behave differently from your own computer. Check the [FAQ](http://poj.org/page?id=1000) for details.

## Yet another solution set?

Despite being an English site, the vast majority of POJ's users are from China. There are abundant solutions and analysis to problems on POJ, but all in Chinese. I didn't find anything about POJ apart from a little solution code when searching in English.

The goal of this repo is to provide POJ solutions and analyses **in English**, which will be either my own work or translation from Chinese blog posts. Because I use POJ solely for CS97SI, I am currently only planning to write solution for **problems listed in CS97SI**.

I also upload my own solution codes to this repo, but don't expect high-quality or well-documented code here, as they are just for the purpose of passing the judge system. Also, I cannot solve every problem on the CS97SI list. Difficulty 5 or 6 is the best I can do.

## Contribution

If you have any question about the solution or the code, feel free to create an issue.

I can only invest very limited time to this repo. If you are interested in providing POJ solutions (or CS97SI solutions) in English, just write your own solutions or translate from existing Chinese solutions, and create a pull request.
